Lift queue length limit and add warning about long queue complaints (#16925)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Improved: [#16408] Improve --version cli option to report more compatibility information.
- Improved: [#16740] Allow staff patrol areas to be defined with individual tiles rather than groups of 4x4.
- Improved: [#16764] [Plugin] Add hook 'map.save', called before the map is about is saved.

> - Improved: [#16925] The queue length of 1000 guests is lifted, and a warning for too long queues is added in its stead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved: [#16925] The queue length of 1000 guests is lifted and a warning for too long queues is added instead.
```
